DOCSP-44304 - Remove BSON members (#252)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/upgrade/v3.txt

  provides a replacement for a deprecated class, method, or property, the compiler
  messages in v{+last-version-2-number+} will display it.

- The methods, properties, and constructors in the ``MongoDB.Bson`` namespace that were
  deprecated in previous versions of the driver have been removed. If the driver
  provides a replacement for a deprecated method, property, or constructor, the compiler

>   messages in v{+last-version-2-number+} will display it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  messages by the v{+last-version-2-number+} driver will display it.
```
